708 better guidance how the verifier matches the incoming direct post request with the user session (#734)
openid/OpenID4VP: 1.0/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

: REQUIRED. Defined in [@!RFC6749]. This specification defines additional requirements to enable the use of Client Identifier Prefixes as described in (#client_metadata_management). The Client Identifier can be created by parties other than the Wallet and it is considered unique within the context of the Wallet when used in combination with the Client Identifier Prefix.

`state`:

> : REQUIRED under the conditions defined in Section 5.3. Otherwise, state is RECOMMENDED. state values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde).

Author: ```suggestion
: REQUIRED under the conditions defined in (#nkb-credentials). Otherwise, `state` is RECOMMENDED. `state` values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde).
```

> : REQUIRED under the conditions defined in (#nkb-credentials). Otherwise, `state` is RECOMMENDED. `state` values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde).

Author: ```suggestion
: REQUIRED under the conditions defined in (#nkb-credentials). Otherwise, `state` is RECOMMENDED, see (#security_considerations_direct_post). `state` values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde).
```
